Rename structures, restructure examples section, organize rst source files (#26)
eProsima/Integration-Service-docs: docs/examples/different_protocols/pubsub/dds-ros2.rst

      cd ~/is-workspace
      git clone https://github.com/eProsima/ROS2-SH.git src/ROS2-SH src/ros2-sh

> * Having **Fast DDS** (*v.2.0.0* or superior) installed, with the :code:`DDSHelloWorld` example working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Having **Fast DDS** (*v.2.0.0* or superior) installed and the *Integration Service* :code:`DDSHelloWorld` example working.
```
